hi welcome to motifs falafel stood my
name is what is kaki and this is my
family restaurant here we make falafel
and other Middle Eastern cuisines
just like my mother Michelle next back
home since the year 2000 we brought the
flavor Jerusalem to Washington DC every
country and every person in the Middle
East we lived at his falafel is the most
delicious and most authentic but motus
falafel stand above Oliver it's the best
falafel ever make let's go into my
kitchen and I'll show you how to make
the most authentic and most delicious
falafel ever made come on let's go the
level has become a favorite worldwide it
is vegetarian and very healthy food and
let's go through the ingredients and
I'll show you what we use we start with
the dried chickpeas 2 pound and then we
soak it overnight and then we get the
soft chickpeas we add the garlic the
parsley and the cilantro we're going to
grind it in a grinder and then we're
going to add the spices
after we went there chickpeas the
cilantro and the garlic will add about a
teaspoon of cumin half a teaspoon of
baking soda put a cup of flour and half
a teaspoon of salt after we mix there
the falafel mix that's what we get after
after we mix the falafel and and their
Indians and the spices the falafel it's
very fluffy and if it's too too moist
you can always add a little bit flour
but not too much I want to introduce you
to a falafel maker and that's how we
make the falafel balls
and now we're going to heat the oil to
325 degrees and we put the falafel in
the oil and we little brown to
golden-brown for about two minutes the
tahini sauce it's the main source for
the falafel and it's made out of sesame
paste lemon and so it will take one cup
of tahini to one cup of water and put a
cup of juice and a little bit salt half
a quarter teaspoon of salt it's all
going to mix and you're going to get a
very tasty and nice tahini sauce the
other many gradient of the falafel
sandwich is the salad and in most
countries the salad made but cucumbers
tomatoes and onions mix together we're
mixing this the salad and that will be
stuff in the pita bread with the falafel
and we'll put the tahini sauce over okay
now I show you how to fry okay we press
now the falafel into the falafel maker
and we release it into the oil the oil
isn't 325 degrees that will take about 2
minutes until the falafel it's golden
brown and then we can make the falafel
sandwich
now I'll show you how to make very easy
by hand it takes a second and you have a
falafel ball and it just dump it and
this is how it's supposed to be golden
brown and you just take the falafel out
with your tongue go
anything else you you like to use and
now we're going to assemble the falafel
sandwich we're going to take the pizza
we're going to put two balls in the pita
bread we're going to put some more salad
a little bit of honey and we'll do it
again another two balls of falafel some
more salads and more tahini
and this is delicious I think that one
of the reason the falafel got famous in
the world mainly because it's a
vegetarian dish it's become the fast
food of the Middle East and now it's
catching up with the rest of the world
and this cell which is mad bordering I'm
sure you'd like to taste it